Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
ADAPTED FROM
THE INVESTITURE OF THE GODS
AND KING ZHOU'S ATTACK
OF THE SHANG
At the beginning of time.
the world was shapeless.
Separating the sky and earth.
Pangu turned his body into the sun.
the moon. the mountains. and the rivers.
The world was thus created.
Nuwa made figurines out of clay.
imparting her own spirit to give them life
and humans were thus created.
Before she died.
Nuwa left behind a sacred artifact
called Fengshen Bang
and appointed
the Immortals of Kunlun to guard it.
It had the power to save the world
and could only be opened
by the King of All Realms.
As the generations came and went.
Cheng Tang established the Shang dynasty.
The Four Dukes of the East.
West. South. and North
together with the 800 lords under them
acknowledged the Shang monarch
as the King of All Realms.
But there came a time.
five hundred years
into the reign of the Shang.
when Su Hu. Lord of Jizhou.
refused to submit his tribute
and rebelled against the Shang's King Yi.
After a long and bitter siege.
King Yi sent his second son.
Yin Shou. into battle.
Yin Shou led a special force
trained by his own hand.
JIZHOU
YIN
I'm Ji Fa. son of Ji Chang.
Duke of the West.
JI FA. SON OF THE DUKE OF THE WEST
Riding by my side
is my best friend. Yin Jiao.
YIN JIAO. SON OF YIN SHOU
His father is our commander and hero.
I hope to become just like him one day.
YIN SHOU.
SECOND SON OF THE KING OF SHANG
SU QUANXIAO. SECOND SON OF SU HU
State your name.
Su Quanxiao. son of Su Hu. Lord of Jizhou.
Louder. so they can hear you.
Su Quanxiao. son of Su Hu. Lord of Jizhou!
State your rank.
Centurion of the Shang Hostage Brigade.
North Battalion.
Tell us why you're a hostage.
The 800 lords of the East.
West. South. and North are required
to send one of their sons
to be hostages of the Shang court.
If any lord plots against the king.
his hostage son is to be executed first
and followed by his entire family!
Your father. Su Hu.
has led Jizhou in rebellion.
Go talk some sense into him.
Father!
Please surrender!
I've been away for eight years.
I've grown up.
My father doesn't recognize me!
That man doesn't deserve
to be your father.
You're my son.
And now. you have to be my bravest son.
Farewell.
Father.
JI
ZHENG LUN. VICE-LORD
SU HU. LORD OF JIZHOU
Just now.
right before your eyes.
one of your brothers died!
One of my sons died!
Who killed him?
- The traitor Su Hu!
Who was it that killed him?
Fire!
Warriors of Shang.
annihilate Jizhou!
- Annihilate Jizhou!
Attack!
Ji Fa. come on!
Watch out!
Attack!
Fire!
Into the breach!
- Attack!
Make way!
Ji Fa!
Yin Jiao.
you retreated in fear.
- You're a disappointment.
- Forgive me. Father!
Commander. it wasn't us!
The horses bolted when they saw the fire.
Father!
The horses see
what we allow them to see!
Faster!
Attack!
- Attack!
After the city was taken.
we chased the Su family
all the way to Xuanyuan Tomb.
XUANYUAN TOMB
We were determined
to chop off Su Hu's head
to avenge Su Quanxiao.
Quanzhong.
SU QUANZHONG. ELDEST SON OF SU HU
Never forget.
The Su family of Jizhou
will never submit to the King of Shang!
Father.
Run!
Watch out.
It's a woman.
Who is she?
Su Hu's daughter.
Su Daji.
The daughter of a traitor
must be put to death.
Ji Fa.
kill her.
What?
Kill a woman?
I can't.
Jiang Wenhuan.
you do it.
E Shun. you do it.
Why don't you do it?
My hairpin.
- Ji Fa.
It would be a waste
to kill such a woman.
Let's give her to the commander.
You losers.
I'll do it.
- Yin Jiao.
Commander.
- Commander.
Here! A toast to us!
Warriors of the Shang dynasty!
- Come on.
- Cheers.
- Drink up.
I want to make a toast
to our brother.
Su Quanxiao.
- To our brother.
The son of the traitor Su Hu
doesn't deserve to be our brother.
He isn't his father.
His father may have been a traitor.
but Su Quanxiao did nothing wrong.
- That's right.
- Like father. like son.
Your father. Ji Chang. Duke of the West.
knows nothing but plowing the fields.
Even in that armor. Ji Fa.
you're still just a farmer from Xiqi.
reeking of manure!
Manure!
- Let's drink.
- Come on!
Your father.
Chong Houhu. Duke of the North.
knows nothing but hunting animals.
Even in that armor.
you're still
just a hunter.
reeking of what?
- What?
- What does he reek of?
Beasts.
I know what you want.
You want
to be the king of the whole world.
Do you know what happens
to the daughters of traitors?
At dawn. you'll be offered
as a sacrifice to our banner.
I'm different from the others.
I can help you.
ZHAOGE
After being a hostage
in Zhaoge for eight years.
on this day.
I finally return as a hero
to the welcoming cheers
of the entire city.
SHANG
I. Yin Shou.
bow to His Majesty and His Highness.
YIN QI. ELDEST SON OF KING YI.
KING YI OF SHANG
To you. Father.
I present Su Hu's head.
And to you. my brother.
the battle flag of Jizhou.
Su Hu.
you once declared
that you would never bow to me.
And yet. here you are...
At the victory banquet tomorrow.
we'll use his skull as a goblet
and drink from it until daybreak!
- King of Shang. King of All Realms!
The Hostage Brigade. returning in victory.
will perform a war dance for His Majesty.
Attack!
Long live Your Majesty.
My son.
My dearest son dances for me.
Excellent.
Encircle him.
Shields!
Your Highness.
He's dead.
Ji Fa.
you killed a prince of Shang.
Your entire family will be executed.
Ji Fa.
Killing a prince is a serious crime
and the penalty is death.
What a horrific crime.
Well...
Father.
My brother. Yin Qi.
killed our father. the king.
Ji Fa.
What you did wasn't only justified.
but also a service to our kingdom.
If Yin Jiao hadn't spoken for me
and the commander hadn't shown mercy.
my whole family would have been executed.
However. now that the king is dead.
what will become of the Shang dynasty?
So this is why the Supreme One
summoned the 12 of us here
to Yuxu Palace.
The mortal world is in misery.
Is this the future of all humanity?
Is this the Great Curse. Supreme One?
What have the mortals done
to deserve this?
When wars are raging
and demons become rampant.
the Great Curse is sure to befall all.
THE SUPREME ONE
In the beginning.
when Pangu broke through the chaos.
the pure qi rose to form the sky
and the impure qi
descended to form the earth.
The sky and earth were thus created
and life flourished.
The Great Curse will cause everything
to be reversed.
The world is falling back into chaos
and all life will be extinguished.
Although the mortals probably deserve it.
we can't just sit here and do nothing.
Lady Nuwa left Fengshen Bang
under our guard here in Kunlun
precisely because she foresaw this day.
It's time for Fengshen Bang
to be delivered unto the world.
As soon as Fengshen Bang is placed
into the hands of the King of All Realms
and he unseals it
and invests the new gods.
the Great Curse will be lifted
and humanity will be saved.
I'm sure you're aware
of the price one must pay
to be the bearer of Fengshen Bang.
Supreme One. allow me.
It should be me this time.
I'll do it.
I should be the one.
DAOHANG TIANZUN
There's no room for error.
We must let the Supreme One decide
who the bearer shall be.
JIANG ZIYA
NEZHA AND YANG JIAN
MOUNT KUNLUN
Humanity is in dire peril.
I'll deliver Fengshen Bang to them.
Ziya.
you must be aware
that when an immortal
touches Fengshen Bang.
they will lose all their powers.
become mortal again.
and therefore never return to Kunlun.
All the more reason I should be the one.
And why is that?
Do tell.
All of you have been practicing
for more than 1.000 years
to achieve your current powers.
That mustn't be squandered.
I've only been practicing for 40 years.
It's no great tragedy
to lose the powers I have.
And before I took up practicing.
I was a merchant.
I traveled quite often
and had a lot of worldly experiences.
I humbly volunteer to take on this task.
Ziya. you haven't been with us for long
and you're not yet able
to see visions of the future.
which is why I didn't summon you today.
And yet. your intrusion.
driven by your sympathy
for the mortals.
disrupted our vision of the Great Curse.
Could this be your destiny?
DRAGON-BEARD TIGER
Jiang Ziya.
are you truly ready to give up
forty years of immortality and power
and go back to being a mortal?
The Great Black Bird
gave birth to the Shang people.
Ancestors. hear me!
I. Yin Shou. never desired to be king.
but the kingdom must have a ruler.
And I.
being my father's only living child.
have no choice but to ascend the throne
and sustain the Shang dynasty.
I now implore my uncle.
High Priest Bi Gan.
to see into our kingdom's future.
BI GAN. KING YIN SHOU'S UNCLE
QUEEN JIANG
The dynasty is doomed.
Uncle. what are you saying?
The gods foretold our doom
by shattering our divination.
What have we done
to deserve a curse like that?
A member of our royal family
killed his own father and king.
No greater sin could have been committed.
The gods have been enraged.
We. descendants of Cheng Tang.
are no longer fit
to be the King of All Realms.
I'll sacrifice 100 human lives
to quell their rage.
It's useless.
One thousand lives then.
Even 10.000 lives won't help.
Back in the beginning.
when our ancestor Cheng Tang
united the land.
so many lives were taken
that a Great Curse fell.
A great drought of seven years
left the land completely barren.
By building
and mounting a sacrificial pyre
and immolating himself.
Cheng Tang finally moved the gods
and lifted the curse.
Are you suggesting I should do the same?
How dare you. Granduncle!
Father just ascended the throne
and you want him to sacrifice himself.
The very idea is treason.
You fool!
The Great Curse is just beginning.
Before long.
our people will be in misery.
Our ancestors will be without offerings.
When that time comes.
the entire Shang dynasty will be no more!
Father. pass the throne to me.
I'll sacrifice myself in your place.
What is a king
if not the bearer of all earthly sins?
I'll follow
our ancestor Cheng Tang's example
and build a sacrificial pyre in Zhaoge.
On the day it's completed.
I'll burn myself as a sacrifice
to save the kingdom!
Blessed is the kingdom!
Kneel!
- Blessed is the kingdom!
Blessed is the kingdom!
Kowtow!
I waited outside Deer Terrace for an hour.
but His Majesty
refused to see me.
I'll go fetch Father.
You spoke out of turn today.
You've aroused your father's mistrust.
I asked him to pass the throne to me
so that I could die in his place.
Surely he must know that.
You don't know your father.
Mother.
you worry too much.
I'll bring Father here
so that our family can be together.
- Ji Fa.
- Yin Jiao.
There's a fox demon! Follow me!
DEER TERRACE
Are you sure it went this way?
There!
In the Celestial Chamber!
His Majesty is resting.
No one is allowed to enter.
My father is in danger.
I don't have time for this.
Who's there?
Father.
it's me.
Barging in with a sword at this hour.
Can't you wait
to sit on my throne?
I would never.
I was chasing a fox...
demon.
We barged in here out of concern
for Your Majesty's safety.
Please forgive us.
What fox demon?
What is she doing here?
Get out!
At once. Your Majesty.
I should have killed Su Daji
when I first saw her!
His Majesty is sacrificing himself
to save the world.
He's a hero.
Don't upset him again.
If it were your father.
what would you do?
I've been away for eight years.
My own father
probably wouldn't
even recognize me anymore.
JI CHANG. DUKE OF THE WEST
I'm afraid we will have
a bad harvest this year.
With the Great Curse upon Zhaoge.
even Xiqi is affected.
Thanks to your precautions. Father.
we have enough food stored
for the next three years.
What about after that?
In the span of one night.
the king and the eldest prince
were both killed.
It's really strange.
The new king should be so hasty
to ascend the throne
and then immediately
summon the Four Dukes.
I suspect dark intentions.
This trip to Zhaoge
could be most treacherous.
Please reconsider. Father.
My lord.
If I disobey the king. war will ensue
and the entire kingdom will pay the price.
Although the throne has changed hands.
my duties remain the same.
I can take this chance to visit Ji Fa.
It has been eight years.
He must be as tall as you now.
Maybe even taller.
When I'm gone.
you're the guardian of Xiqi
and you must keep it safe.
No matter what happens.
don't leave Xiqi.
Safe return. Father.
Line up.
Let them through.
Stop pushing.
Stop them.
Stay back. all of you!
Your pass.
No pass. no entry.
Do we need a pass?
What a nuisance.
Master Ziya.
I'll fly you in on my Fire Wheels.
My Five Elements Teleportation is faster.
When we set out.
the Supreme One told us
to refrain from using our powers.
But the mortal world has its own tricks.
Watch this.
Good day. sir.
Who are you?
We are immortals
who have come all the way from Kunlun.
So we have no pass.
No pass?
But we have this.
Take it.
What is this?
An elixir.
What does it do?
This elixir contains pure qi.
the essence of water.
the blessing of benevolent gods.
and the best of sky. earth. and man.
One whiff.
And you'll feel refreshed.
- One taste.
- And all discomfort is gone.
- One...
- Enough.
Such an amazing elixir can't be bought
no matter how much you're ready to offer.
Consider it our gift to you.
our new friend.
Master Ziya. your mortal trick worked.
Come along.
- I'll take good care of you.
- You're too kind.
I'll drive you into the city myself.
Must His Majesty
sacrifice himself on the pyre
to dispel the Great Curse?
Perhaps...
only the gods know the answer.
We're here.
Get off.
Keep up.
Hurry.
Quickly.
Master Ziya.
SACRIFICIAL PYRE
Hurry up.
- Master Ziya. what's going on?
- Pull with all your strength.
Hurry.
Don't...
It looks like
we've been sold.
Sold?
I thought you knew your way around here.
I haven't been back in 40 years.
It wasn't like this before.
Bring them over.
Go. Hurry up.
Sir. we have something for His Majesty.
Cut the crap.
That's about enough.
This is bad.
Quick. step back.
Look.
Thunderbolts.
Go and save those people!
- Can we use our powers?
Of course.
Finally!
So the gods really do exist.
There's hope for His Majesty.
The alchemist Shen Gongbao
from Golden Turtle Island
is here to demonstrate
his powers for His Majesty.
The honor is mine.
How fascinating.
What sorcery is this?
Your Majesty.
with this spell.
I can survive a beheading.
How about burning?
If one is able to live without his head.
a little fire is nothing to worry about.
Perfect.
How long does it take to master it?
It took me 1.000 years.
With Your Majesty's extraordinary talents.
500 years should be enough.
500 years?
That's right.
How ludicrous!
That hurts.
No! Don't!
Here.
Over here.
Hurry up.
Jiang Ziya. a Taoist master from Kunlun.
has something to present to His Majesty.
What is it?
What I have here
is Fengshen Bang.
What does it do?
A great turmoil is on the horizon.
I was sent by my master. the Supreme One.
to bring Fengshen Bang
to the King of All Realms.
"The King of All Realms
invests the new gods."
Once unsealed.
it will dispel the Great Curse
and all of humanity will be saved.
Can such a small scroll
really remove the Great Curse?
More than that!
Fengshen Bang is a sacred artifact
left behind by Lady Nuwa.
It absorbs the qi of the dead.
or what we may call "souls."
Once Your Majesty unseals Fengshen Bang.
all this energy will be yours
to command.
That means.
the more people that die.
the more powerful Fengshen Bang becomes.
Your Majesty is insightful.
So the Great Curse
may in fact be a blessing.
Your Majesty is all-knowing.
This sorcerer is a demon.
Well.
reward them generously.
Hang on.
The authenticity
of this Fengshen Bang
has yet to be proven.
How do we do that?
I could do it
if I had a newly deceased human.
Soul Revelation!
Your Majesty is most decisive.
but there is something else you must know.
A pattern of steps is needed
to unseal Fengshen Bang.
Let me show you.
Watch carefully.
What is this?
Could it be
Steps of the Cosmos?
Not so fast. Taoist friend.
Run.
Stop them.
Don't kill anyone.
Got it.
Easy.
Master Ziya.
Yin Jiao. Ji Fa.
Get Fengshen Bang.
Come on.
Get out of the way.
Go after him.
Water Teleportation.
Ji Fa. you go that way.
It's dangerous. Stop chasing me.
Stop fleeing.
It's a dead end.
If you come closer.
I'll jump.
You've come all the way.
Why change your mind now?
Just pretend I was never here.
That solves everything. doesn't it?
Go back.
Fengshen Bang belongs
to the King of All Realms
and that king is my father.
What right do you have to keep it?
I was going to give it to him.
but I can't now.
You despicable cheater.
Tell me.
What does it mean
to be the King of All Realms?
If he can slaughter an innocent man.
how can he be trusted
with all of humanity?
- My father is willing...
- The Great Curse is coming.
Countless lives will be lost every day.
Yet he called this a blessing.
Tell me.
If you were king. would you do the same?
Shut up.
Return Fengshen Bang to my father!
Old man. hand over Fengshen Bang.
Without it. His Majesty will die.
If I give it to him.
I'm afraid the rest of the world
will meet that same fate.
Nonsense.
His Majesty is a hero.
But he takes you all for fools.
He doesn't care about anyone else.
He cares only about himself.
Yin Jiao.
Yin Jiao. he just saved your life.
I don't care.
I need to save my father.
Master Ziya!
Don't hurt him.
Where is my Fengshen Bang?
Release him.
Ji Fa.
- Take it and run.
- Don't do it.
You wouldn't dare.
Don't let go.
Don't do it.
He let go.
Thunderbolts!
He jumped off the cliff.
Yin Jiao.
GOLDEN TURTLE ISLAND
Master.
I have something important
to report to you.
It's Fengshen Bang.
I actually saw Fengshen Bang!
If you saw Fengshen Bang.
why didn't you bring it to me?
Forgive me. Master.
It's not that I didn't try.
but the Kunlun monk had a lot of backup.
I was...
What Kunlun monk?
How dare he bully you?
Master. let's teach them a lesson.
This spell is Soul Instillation.
Master is good to you.
What are you waiting for? Go!
Thank you. Master.
Master Ziya.
You're awake.
Yin Shou is the King of All Realms.
but you won't give Fengshen Bang to him.
What's the point of us staying here?
That's right.
We haven't met anyone nice
since we began on this journey.
You almost lost your life.
Let's take Fengshen Bang back to Kunlun
and leave these mortals
to their own devices.
Yin Jiao is the crown prince.
He's the next King of All Realms.
He's not like his father.
Yin Jiao?
How long will we have to wait
for him to become king?
Who said anything about waiting?
Could it be another demon?
Stop.
Where did this baby come from?
It's so strange. It must be a demon.
My lord. be careful.
You're all alone.
What a pitiful thing.
Sir.
that thing in your arms might be a demon.
We'd better kill it now
before it becomes a threat.
If you can't do it. we will.
It's just a child.
Even if he's a demon.
whether he grows up to be good or evil
depends on how he's raised.
We can't jump to conclusions.
You're absolutely right.
Nezha. Yang Jian. stay your hands.
I'm Jiang Ziya.
We come from Mount Kunlun.
I'm Ji Chang of Xiqi.
Duke of the West. It's an honor.
The child is frail.
To save his life.
I propose we send him to Mount Kunlun
for my master. the Supreme One. to raise.
I've heard a great deal
about the Supreme One.
It would be the child's honor
to be taught by him.
Then you should name the child.
so you'll know him if you meet again.
His birth was accompanied by thunder.
Let's name him Lei Zhenzi.
Yang Jian. Nezha.
take Lei Zhenzi to Kunlun.
Right away.
Strange things keep happening these days.
Is that why you're going to Zhaoge?
We have a new king now.
It's customary for the Four Dukes
to pay our respects in person.
So are the other three dukes
also on their way?
Yes.
You asked Ji Chang to summon us
to dethrone Yin Shou
and make Yin Jiao the new king.
Exactly.
Yin Shou has promised
to sacrifice himself
to lift the Great Curse.
How foolish.
Do you really believe
he will burn himself?
When the pyre is built.
we will see if he keeps his word.
- How can you...
- There's no time to lose.
The Great Curse has spread to all realms.
There are plagues in the north.
water turning foul in the east.
babies stillborn in the south.
and crop failures in the west.
The longer we wait.
the greater the devastation.
This curse was brought on
by the Yin family.
It's their responsibility to end it.
The King of Shang
is the King of All Realms.
The world is his.
This world
isn't the king's world.
but everyone's world.
Fascinating.
The Duke of the West's divinations
have never been wrong.
So what does it say?
The hexagram indicates deception.
The killing of a king wasn't righteous
and a throne fell into undeserving hands.
So it would seem
that the king wasn't killed by Yin Qi.
but someone else.
Who would that be?
Who else but Yin Shou?
It's not right
to jump to such conclusions.
Are you with us or not?
It's treason
with little chance of success.
How about you. Ji Chang?
Don't forget.
Our sons are kept as hostages in Zhaoge.
So be it.
So be it!
I'll return to the south
and rally my troops.
I can do this without you.
Stop!
How dare you plot treason?
He's alone.
Kill him.
No!
It's my son. Ji Fa.
I'm Ji Fa. a guard of the royal court.
I saw Yin Qi kill his father
with my own eyes.
yet you try to smear His Majesty's name
with these false divinations.
Do you see that?
He has been a hostage for so long
that he takes Yin Shou to be his father.
What good is a son like that?
Kill him.
None of you are getting away.
- Ji Fa. we finally found you.
- Men.
We are the royal guards.
Drop your weapons.
Step aside.
They say you can see the future.
Ji Chang.
are you able to see
your own death?
Your Majesty.
a fortune teller
can see the future of everything
except for his own fortunes.
What do you see now?
It shows here
that Your Majesty
will die by the hand
of your own flesh and blood.
Everyone knows
that I intend to sacrifice myself
to save the world.
Ji Chang.
you're nothing but a fake.
Go! Stand before your fathers.
When Yin Qi killed my father.
your sons were all there.
They saw everything that happened.
But the four of you
would believe baseless rumors
over what they saw with their own eyes.
You're not stupid.
You're simply treasonous.
Take a good look at these traitors.
They used to be your fathers.
Now.
they're sinners who betrayed the Shang.
My sister is your wife.
the queen.
The crown prince. Yin Jiao. is my nephew.
Why would I be a traitor?
With the gods as my witnesses.
I never intended to betray you.
Yin Shou!
You killed your father and brother
and brought on the Great Curse.
You...
are the sinner.
Your fathers
kept their favorite sons close to them.
well-fed and well-dressed.
waiting to one day
inherit their thrones.
Whereas you
were abandoned here in distant Zhaoge
to fend for yourselves.
Now.
you're all grown up.
trained by my hand
to become Shang warriors.
Your power and courage
have been forged in mortal combat.
No one can tell you what to do.
You are far stronger
than your brothers back home.
You are far more qualified
to succeed your fathers.
Now. I give you a chance
to take what is rightfully yours.
Whoever kills his father
can take his place.
Draw your swords!
Have you forgotten how Su Quanxiao died?
Father!
If you don't kill your father.
he will one day kill you.
Father.
Good.
Chong Yingbiao.
you're now Duke of the North.
You fool!
Do it!
No!
No. don't!
My son!
You must stay alive.
Jiang Wenhuan.
you're now Duke of the East.
Father.
Ji Fa. what are you waiting for?
Do you wish to plead
for your father's life?
No.
Ji Chang is a traitor
who deserves to be executed.
The Four Dukes plotted treason
because they were misled by Ji Chang.
Ji Chang is the culprit.
He started the conspiracy.
If we kill him.
his sins will be covered up
and no one will know the truth.
He has to apologize in public
to let the people know
that the Four Dukes attempted treason
and it was Your Majesty's decisiveness
that saved the Shang!
You didn't bring Fengshen Bang back.
A failure.
You captured four traitors for the Shang.
A merit.
Guards!
Put Ji Chang in the dungeon.
Father.
That jade circle
was my gift to you when I sent you here
to be a hostage.
Do you remember what it means?
His Majesty promised me
that if you confessed your crime.
he'd let you return to Xiqi.
The circle
means that one day you will return.
It's planting season soon.
- Xiqi...
- Your false prophecies fomented treason.
Why won't you admit that?
I was wrong.
I shouldn't have
sent you
to live with
such an evil person as Yin Shou.
How can you call him evil?
I saw with my own eyes
how he fought for our kingdom.
I heard with my own ears
how he intends to sacrifice himself
to appease the Great Curse.
As for you.
you were in Xiqi.
You didn't witness any of that.
yet you judge him
based on a handful of sticks.
It's ridiculous.
My son.
what you see
might only be
what Yin Shou wants you to see
and what you believe
might only be
what Yin Shou wants you to believe.
Father.
If you truly believed all that.
you would have killed me
in court yesterday.
I'm your son.
How could I kill you?
Remember.
It doesn't matter whose son you are.
What matters
is who you are.
What a beautiful body.
To kill it
would be a shame. no?
Everything started with you.
Perhaps it should end with you as well.
It seems
that I've awakened a beast.
Keep me around.
I know a way for us
to share immortality.
I ask Your Majesty to execute me.
On what grounds?
The traitor Jiang Huanchu.
Duke of the East.
was executed by Your Majesty.
As his sister.
I deserve the same punishment.
Do you believe he was wronged?
The Four Dukes were loyal men.
By killing them.
you betrayed the trust of your subjects.
Their sons were loving children.
By forcing them to kill their fathers.
you've abandoned all morality.
What you killed was more than four men.
You killed the trust of the world
and the Shang reign of the last 500 years.
As the queen
of this kingdom.
it's my duty to advise the king.
As your wife.
it's my duty to address your sins.
Perhaps my death can serve
to bring you to your senses.
The dead are already gone.
Why waste your own life?
A beautiful body such as yours
isn't easy to come by.
As the queen.
you deserve
to have all the joy in the world.
Why don't you join us
in our joy?
No wonder His Majesty is so fond of you.
Even I
can't help feeling drawn to you.
How strange that a place
as cold and remote as Jizhou
was able to produce
a stunning beauty like you.
If I were the king.
I. too. would fall under your spell.
Evil temptress.
begone from this world!
Demon!
Father!
So you do intend to kill me.
Father.
She's not human!
She's a fox demon!
Protect His Majesty!
Guards!
Ji Fa.
What should I do?
This leads to outside the Meridian Gate.
Go to High Priest Bi Gan
and hide for a few days.
If you let me go.
what will happen to you?
Give me Daemon Duke's Sword.
Ji Fa.
Chong Yingbiao.
it's dark in there.
I'll find a torch for you.
Bring me
a torch!
WANTED
JIANG ZIYA. YANG JIAN. NEZHA
"The Great Curse is upon us
and evildoers are everywhere.
We are in a time of crisis.
To abate the Great Curse.
the evildoers must be rooted out.
This shows His Majesty's
concern for his people.
The Four Dukes of the East.
West. South. and North
were ungrateful traitors
who plotted treason.
Now that they've failed.
they are either dead or imprisoned.
Queen Jiang
didn't know her place
and spoke out of turn.
Ashamed. she drowned herself.
Kneel before the Duke of The North!
Crown Prince Yin Jiao.
utterly lacking in morals.
crept into the palace at night
to kill his father and king.
After he failed. he fled
and is now a wanted man."
Yin Jiao's Daemon Duke's Sword
is sharp indeed.
I've had my eyes on you for days now.
Where are you hiding Yin Jiao?
At the stable?
In the barracks?
Or in a shithole?
Beast!
- Hit him.
- Go.
-Come on. Bring it on
-Kill him!
- Come on.
- Kill him!
Kill him!
- Harder!
- Ji Fa!
- Get him!
Yikao.
All these years alone in Zhaoge.
I'm sure you've been bullied a lot.
No way.
I...
I do all the bullying.
You've always been competitive
and wanted to be a great hero.
I remember
when the Shang came for hostages
and Father made us compete in archery
to see who would go.
Don't think that I don't know
that you tampered with my arrow.
If I hadn't. how could I have beaten you?
I know
that you wanted
more than a quiet life in Xiqi.
You longed to be a warrior in Zhaoge.
Now that you're a royal guard.
I'm really happy for you.
Yikao.
you're next in line to be Duke of Xiqi.
You should have stayed there.
The carriages outside
are loaded with treasure.
Tell me.
Is it enough to save Father?
No amount of treasure will do.
I've already talked to Father.
but he won't admit he was wrong.
That's how Father is.
He never does anything
he doesn't believe in.
Yikao.
don't worry.
I'm working on it.
I'm afraid
that Father is old and frail.
He can't wait much longer.
My Snow Dragon Colts.
It has been ages.
They still recognize me.
You've been away for too long.
You probably don't know
your way back anymore.
These two Snow Dragon Colts
were a gift from Father.
I've trained them over the years.
They are fast
and know their way around.
The treasures you brought
don't please me.
However. your presence
pleases me greatly.
Tell me.
What do you want?
Today. I'll grant your every wish.
My father is too old and weak
to survive prison.
Would you take pity on him
and release him?
Please punish me
in his place.
Your father was sentenced to death.
Then I would die for him.
Ji Fa. it's me.
Evil monk.
Every time you show up.
something bad happens.
Where is Yin Jiao?
Take me to see him.
You won't rest until we're all killed.
I'm his only hope.
He can't stay in Zhaoge any longer.
Last time. you got away.
but this time. you surrendered yourself.
Stop talking.
Come with me.
Leave Zhaoge.
Kunlun will protect you.
You're the future King of All Realms.
The people's future depends on...
My father is the King of All Realms.
He will unseal Fengshen Bang
and save the world!
I told you. old man.
He won't listen to you.
Do you still believe him?
My Father is bewitched by a fox demon.
Good and bad fortunes
don't happen by accident.
Those with evil intentions
attract demons.
Why don't you think about it?
What if your father
isn't bewitched by a fox demon?
If we can lure Daji to this place
and kill the fox demon.
then we will know the truth.
It pains me
to see how you've suffered.
Are you here to kill me?
I envy you
for having two good sons.
I. on the other hand.
only have one.
who wants to kill me.
We're both fathers.
Why am I so afflicted?
However you treat your own father.
your son will follow that example.
But you have no idea
how my father treated me.
I have great admiration for you.
What should I do?
I would like to hear your advice.
If you keep your word
and sacrifice yourself.
your sins
will be absolved
and you will still be
an honorable descendant of Cheng Tang.
The thing is.
can you do it?
Did Bo Yikao come to Zhaoge?
Where is he?
You love your son so much.
Don't you recognize how he tastes?
Even beasts don't eat their cubs.
You're worse than an animal.
Do you want a bite?
Have a bite.
Take it!
You monster!
Kill me!
I promised Bo Yikao
that I wouldn't kill you
and would release you.
You know what you have to do.
Remember.
I still have your other son in my hands.
I have sinned.
I made a false divination.
I plotted treason.
I instigated a revolt.
I'm a criminal.
I'm unforgivable.
I have sinned!
I made a false divination!
I plotted treason!
I...
I instigated a revolt!
I made a false divination.
I plotted treason.
I...
instigated a revolt.
I'm a criminal.
I...
I made a false divination.
I. Yin Shou.
have brought Lady Su to meet our ancestors
and ask for their blessing.
Come closer.
Let the ancestors see you.
If I hadn't seen it with my own eyes.
I would never believe
that such beauty could exist.
Give me your hand.
Fox demon.
I've locked your meridian pathway.
Prepare to die!
How can you say she is a fox demon?
Yin Jiao.
So this is where you've been hiding.
I saw with my own eyes
how the fox demon inhabits Su Daji's body.
Father. I wounded you by accident
when I was trying to kill this demon
and avenge Mother.
Daji has been with me all this time.
If she were a fox demon. I would know.
When I kill her.
her true form will reveal itself.
What if she isn't a fox demon?
You will have taken an innocent life.
As the High Priest.
I have a magical heart
with seven chambers.
Upon consuming this heart.
any demon
will revert to its original form.
You would give up your heart for this?
What is my heart
compared to the royal family
and our dynasty?
But if Su Daji is indeed a fox demon.
what will Your Majesty do?
Name your terms.
She must be put to death.
Yin Jiao must be pardoned
and the Four Dukes
must be declared innocent.
In the name of our ancestors.
swear to do all this.
As the ancestors are my witnesses.
I swear it.
Granduncle. you mustn't!
Swallow it.
Fox demon. you won't harm His Majesty!
The fox demon has shown itself.
Now. Your Majesty. kill it.
Do it in the name of our ancestors.
Yin Shou.
what are you waiting for?
Our ancestors?
Where are these ancestors?
If I call out to them. do they answer?
You all say the white fox is a demon.
In fact. she's a charm.
Only she knows what I truly desire.
You want
to be the king of the whole world.
The Shang dynasty
is finished.
High Priest.
The Shang dynasty
is truly finished.
Granduncle!
The Shang dynasty...
High Priest.
Get the High Priest out of here. Quickly.
Treacherous son.
what do you find so amusing?
I thought you were bewitched
by the fox demon.
That's why I kept hoping that
you would turn back into the father
that I respected and looked up to!
I was such a fool!
You did this!
You gave me my life.
Now you can take it back!
Yin Jiao!
Guards!
Take him away.
- Yes.
He'll be executed tomorrow.
Don't think I don't know
what you've been up to.
I would never.
Of all the hostages.
you were my favorite
because on the day you arrived in Zhaoge.
you told me
that you wanted to be a hero.
We are alike.
Therefore.
I'll give you one last chance.
Go and kill Ji Chang.
Do that for me
and you'll become my son and heir.
the crown prince of Shang.
Don't disappoint me again.
I'm a criminal.
I'm unforgivable.
I have sinned.
I thought I would never again
see the light of day.
but you saved me.
I practiced for 1.000 years
to take on a human form
and partake in the pleasures of life.
However. King Cheng Tang
sealed me inside Xuanyuan Tomb.
It has been 500 years.
Only the blood of his descendants
could break the seal.
You brought me back to life.
In return.
I used a soul transference spell
to inhabit Yin Qi's body
to help you do what you want to do
and help you take what you want to have.
I'll make you immortal.
a king for all eternity.
A subject serves his king
like the sun and moon in the sky.
Such is the basis of a nation.
A son serves his father
like the gods in the heavens above.
Such is the foundation of a family.
That's why there's no greater sin
than the murder of one's father and king.
The traitorous son. Yin Jiao.
disregarding all law and ethics.
was armed with murderous intent.
-"...intending to commit injustice
-Ji Chang.
- and seizing the throne.
- which one of us was fated to die
- Fortunately. with the protection of..."
- by the hand of his own flesh and blood?
Yin Shou!
Dead or alive. I'm coming for you!
Proceed with the execution.
Is it for real?
Nezha and Yang Jian. where are you?
Men of Xiqi.
save Yin Jiao!
Attack!
Stop them!
You dared to deceive me!
Release Yin Jiao or I'll kill you.
You don't have what it takes.
Execute him!
Buddy.
let me send you on your way.
Do you want to kill me?
Don't forget.
I taught you everything you know.
Save Ji Fa!
Nezha. Yang Jian. I'm here!
Master Ziya!
Come with us!
Don't worry about me.
Take Yin Jiao with you!
Yin Jiao is in two sections. He's dead!
Stop wasting time!
Take him to Kunlun immediately!
Water Teleportation!
Did they both leave?
If the gods won't kill you.
I will.
The king is dead!
I. Duke of the North. give the orders now!
Bring me Ji Fa!
Yes.
Why are you still in Zhaoge?
You must have a death wish!
Soul Instillation.
Yin Shou is dead!
I killed him!
He was the one
responsible for the Great Curse!
Stop them!
Jiang Wenhuan.
if you wish to avenge him.
do it now.
Stand down!
Let them go.
Let's go!
Close the gates!
Prepare for battle!
SHANG
Someone is coming!
Stop him!
MENGJIN FORD.
BORDER OF SHANG AND ZHOU
Stop him now!
It's a fugitive.
Go into the forest!
Come on! Keep up!
What is this?
Release the arrows!
Ji Fa. go. Save yourself.
It's me that they're after.
I need to borrow something from you.
What?
Not so fast. Taoist friend.
Why is it you?
Jiang Ziya. you won't get away!
Who are you?
Lei Zhenzi.
LEI ZHENZI
My child.
let's go home.
XIQI
These two Snow Dragon Colts
were a gift from Father.
I've trained them over the years.
Whenever you want to return.
just say to them.
"Go home."
And they'll take you back to Xiqi.
The circle.
Father.
I promise I'll return home to Xiqi.
Circle.
Full circle.
Go home.
It's a Snow Dragon Colt.
The young master is back!
Father.
Come.
Full circle.
Father.
I'm back.
ALL ANIMALS INVOLVED
IN THE MAKING OF THIS FILM
WERE TRAINED
BY PROFESSIONALS
AND NO ANIMALS WERE HARMED
DURING THE FILMING PROCESS
DEEP IN MOUNT QI
Wen Zhong. Grand Preceptor of Shang.
after ten years of battle
near the North Sea.
has returned in victory!
MO LISHOU
MO LIHAI
MO LIHONG
MO LIQING
DENG CHANYU
COMING SOON
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org